README.md, before:

C# SDK for The Eye Tribe Tracker
====
<p>

Introduction
----

This is the C# reference implementation for the EyeTribe Server. The implementation provides a simple C# interface for communicating with the server through the [TET API](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/api/). This allows developers to easily get started and focus their energy on creating innovative and immersive apps using our eye tracking technology. 

This version is to be considered **_beta_**. Feedback and bug fix submissions are welcome.

Please visit our [developer website](http://dev.theeyetribe.com) for more information.


Dependencies
----

The implementation is .NET 3.5 compliant and uses [Json.NET](http://james.newtonking.com/json) for parsing.

Build
----

To build, open solution file in compliant [Visual Studio](http://www.visualstudio.com/) version and build.

Documentation
----
Find documentation of this library at [TET C# Doc](http://eyetribe.github.io/tet-csharp-client).

Samples
----

Open source samples for windows are available through [GitHub](https://github.com/eyetribe). These samples shows how to calibrate the EyeTribe Server and give examples of how unique user experiences can be created using eye tracking.


Tutorials
----

A simple guide to using this C# SDK is found in the [tutorials section](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/csharp/) of our developer website. More tutorials will be provided in the near future.


API Reference
----

The complete API specification used by the C# SDK to communicate with the server is available on our [developer website](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/api/).


Changelog
----
0.9.36 (2014-07-17)
- Fixed bug, causing offset in GazeData timestamp
- Added method GetTimeDeltaNow() to GazeUtils

0.9.35 (2014-05-20)
- Updated license

0.9.34 (2014-05-09)
- Updated project setting to MS Visual Studio 2013
- Improved multithreading and stability in network layer
- Fixed bug related to initialization lock
- Fixed bug related to multi-screen setups
- Fixed bug related to broadcasting calibration updates

0.9.33 (2014-04-15)
- Thread safe GazeManager activation/deactivation
- Added support for listening to EyeTribe Server conneciton state (IConnectionStateListener)
- Minor API timestamp change
- Updated Json.NET to 6.0.2
- Minor refactoring
- Generel bug fixing and optimization

0.9.27 (2014-02-12)
- Fixed tab/space formatting
- New methods to GazeUtils
- Minor internal refactoring

0.9.26 (2014-01-30)
- Redesign and refactoring of main SDK interface GazeManager to support new TET API features
- Added support for listening for EyeTribe Tracker states (ITrackerStateListener & TrackerState)
- Added support for listening for changes in calibration state (ICalibrationResultListener)
- Added option to fetch current FrameRate setting
- Added option to fetch cached CalibrationResult
- Added GazeUtils class that holds methods common to eye tracking apps
- Added documentation

0.9.21 (2013-01-08)
- Initial release

Commit message:

Ensured callback order of listener types during activation. Ensured thread safety in singletons. Refactored internal blocking queues. More consistent console output on errors. Unified constructors and operators for all data types. Added utility methods to GazeData class. Updated Json.NET to 6.0.6.

README.md, after:

C# SDK for The Eye Tribe Tracker
====
<p>

Introduction
----

This is the C# reference implementation for the EyeTribe Server. The implementation provides a simple C# interface for communicating with the server through the [TET API](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/api/). This allows developers to easily get started and focus their energy on creating innovative and immersive apps using our eye tracking technology. 

This version is to be considered **_beta_**. Feedback and bug fix submissions are welcome.

Please visit our [developer website](http://dev.theeyetribe.com) for more information.


Dependencies
----

The implementation is .NET 3.5 compliant and uses [Json.NET](http://james.newtonking.com/json) for parsing.

Build
----

To build, open solution file in compliant [Visual Studio](http://www.visualstudio.com/) version and build.

Documentation
----
Find documentation of this library at [TET C# Doc](http://eyetribe.github.io/tet-csharp-client).

Samples
----

Open source samples for windows are available through [GitHub](https://github.com/eyetribe). These samples shows how to calibrate the EyeTribe Server and give examples of how unique user experiences can be created using eye tracking.


Tutorials
----

A simple guide to using this C# SDK is found in the [tutorials section](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/csharp/) of our developer website. More tutorials will be provided in the near future.


API Reference
----

The complete API specification used by the C# SDK to communicate with the server is available on our [developer website](http://dev.theeyetribe.com/api/).


Changelog
----
0.9.49 (2014-12-09)

- Ensured callback order of listener types during activation 
- Ensured thread safety in singletons
- Refactored internal blocking queues
- More consistent console output on errors
- Unified constructors and operators for all data types
- Added utility methods to GazeData class
- Updated Json.NET to 6.0.6

0.9.36 (2014-07-17)

- Fixed bug, causing offset in GazeData timestamp
- Added method GetTimeDeltaNow() to GazeUtils

0.9.35 (2014-05-20)

- Updated license

0.9.34 (2014-05-09)

- Updated project setting to MS Visual Studio 2013
- Improved multithreading and stability in network layer
- Fixed bug related to initialization lock
- Fixed bug related to multi-screen setups
- Fixed bug related to broadcasting calibration updates

0.9.33 (2014-04-15)

- Thread safe GazeManager activation/deactivation
- Added support for listening to EyeTribe Server conneciton state (IConnectionStateListener)
- Minor API timestamp change
- Updated Json.NET to 6.0.2
- Minor refactoring
- Generel bug fixing and optimization

0.9.27 (2014-02-12)

- Fixed tab/space formatting
- New methods to GazeUtils
- Minor internal refactoring

0.9.26 (2014-01-30)

- Redesign and refactoring of main SDK interface GazeManager to support new TET API features
- Added support for listening for EyeTribe Tracker states (ITrackerStateListener & TrackerState)
- Added support for listening for changes in calibration state (ICalibrationResultListener)
- Added option to fetch current FrameRate setting
- Added option to fetch cached CalibrationResult
- Added GazeUtils class that holds methods common to eye tracking apps
- Added documentation

0.9.21 (2013-01-08)

- Initial release
